have custom agents, right?
From the ground up,
these are full custom
agents. We have the
system prompt, which I
always recommend you throw
the system prompt at
the top here. So
I'm going to move
that. System prompts, we've
disallowed every other tool,
right? This is not
a Claude Code agent
at all. We don't
need those tools at
all. We need our
specific tools, all right?
So here's our stream
agent and check out
what this can do.
Read stream file, produce
summarize log, create alert.
This agent is just
constantly processing these log
messages for us. Summarizing,
it's pulling important information.
It's letting us know
if there are issues